Old Moner, it's a song.
Learns them hard.
As the old niggas feature was sitting on the log.
Old Moner, stand on the trigger and shout on the hog.
Old Moner, the ones with boom and the hogs with death.
Old Moner, say the preacher grabbed me with the hogs with death.
Old Moner, Old Moner, you shall be free.
Oh, Mona, you shall be free.
When the good Lord sets you free, come my chicken ass on my knees.
Oh, Mona, say the preacher grab me, it's hard to dip.
Oh, Monas, oh, Monas, you shall be free.
Please send the good Lord to set you free.
Come around the chicken house on my knees.
Oh, Monas, I thought I heard chicken sneeze.
Oh, Monas, sneeze so hard with who been called.
Oh, Monas, like sneeze his head and tear it off.
O mourners, O mourners, you shall be free When the good Lord set you free